2014 volkswagen jetta TDI i am with this
vehicle in a six point seven years 200
kilometers c and four point seven meters
400 kilometers highway this is provided
as an amazing 1,100 kilometers per tank
of fuel coming standing with level 2014
Highline Jettas are beautiful 17-inch
alloy wheels obviously is the sportiness
of the vehicle behind the design is what
a seer or winged disc brakes as well as
your anti-lock braking systems
electronic stability control as well as
your traction control allowing you and
your family to have a safe drive
so our 2014 volkswagen jetta comes
standard with your power windows power
locks and power heated mirrors moving on
the inside of the vehicle you have your
standard six way power seats giving you
the height adjustment up as well as down
and your reclined back and forth and the
manual lumbar support for your lower
back for the tonometry moving into the
vehicle your nice leather wrap steering
well with all of your options ranging
from your radio changing channels
answering and disconnecting your phone
as well as your voice activation so now
we're going to start off the 2014
volkswagen jetta with the kesi keyless
access as you can see the push start
button is located right in the center
console apply your foot to the brake
press and hold and there we go right
beside that is my 6-speed automatic
transmission
DSG DSG standing for dual shift gearbox
which is the fastest shifting
transmission in the world allowing for
better fuel economy and adding to
Volkswagens performance what we have
here is Volkswagens infotainment system
we call this the premium 8 touchscreen
radio this is providing you with six
speakers along the whole vehicle as well
as your FM AM and your integrated
satellite radio sirius satellite radio
for the first three months of the
purchase of your car you also have your
SD card holder auxilary input in the
front a 12-volt power outlet and your
iPhone iPod adapter
so now I'm sitting in the rear seat of
the 2014 Volkswagen Jetta as you can see
plenty of headroom for my six-foot
figure as well as up to 3 feet of
legroom in the rear seats in regards to
a family of five you can easily fit
three comfortably in the back as well as
your cupholders and armrests for added
convenience for the rear seat passengers
so this is where all the magic happens
folks this is the iconic 2-liter clean
diesel engine
this is providing 140 horsepower 4000
rpms and an amazing 236 pounds of torque
between 1750 and 2500 rpms that no one's
provided with up to 1,100 kilometers on
what take to deal with an average fuel
consumption of 6.7 liters per 100
kilometers city an amazing 4.7 inch 100
kilometers highway now we're moving on
to the trunk so open the trunk
you have your heat press to hold your
chump release but it's gonna move enough
and wow what can I say it's leaving in
its five 15.5 cubic feet of cargo space
60/40 split seats on both sides of the
vehicle as well as a center pastor with
your armrest and cup holders for the
rear passengers so it's been a brief
overview the 2014 volkswagen jetta
Highline again my name is Blake Elliot
I'd love to invite you to come by our
new state-of-the-art facility for
winn-dixie Volkswagen located in the 401
Dixie auto ball based out of Mississauga
Ontario please give us a call
five two three eight seven one eight
eight we'd be happy to accompany you on
a test drive as well as the overall
features and benefits of our vehicles
thanks again